Proj2005: Escape XML nodes of resource values (#42)
dotnet-project-file-analyzers/dotnet-project-file-analyzers.github.io: rules/Proj2005.md

# Proj2005: Escape XML nodes of resource values

> In some scenario's is can be useful to have some XML (HTML) based markup in
> resources files. It is strongly recommanded to escape that XML using either
> `<![CDATA[`/`]]>` or `&lt;`/`@gt;` escaping sequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some scenarios it can be useful to have some XML (HTML) based markup in
resources files. It is strongly recommended to escape that XML using either
`<![CDATA[`/`]]>` or `&lt;`/`@gt;` escaping sequences.
```

## Non-compliant
``` XML
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<root>
 <data name="King" xml:space="preserve">
    <value><b>Koning<b></value>
  </data>
  <data name="Queen" xml:space="preserve">
    <value><b>Koningin</b></value>
  </data>
</root>
```

## Compliant
``` XML
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<root>
 <data name="King" xml:space="preserve">

>     <value><![CDATA[[<b>Koning<b>]]></value>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <value><![CDATA[[<b>Koning</b>]]></value>
```

> # Proj2005: Escape XML nodes of resource values
> In some scenario's is can be useful to have some XML (HTML) based markup in
> resources files. It is strongly recommanded to escape that XML using either
> `<![CDATA[`/`]]>` or `&lt;`/`@gt;` escaping sequences.
> 
> ## Non-compliant
> ``` XML
> <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
> <root>
>  <data name="King" xml:space="preserve">
>     <value><b>Koning<b></value>
>   </data>
>   <data name="Queen" xml:space="preserve">
>     <value><b>Koningin</b></value>
>   </data>
> </root>
> ```
> 
> ## Compliant
> ``` XML
> <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
> <root>
>  <data name="King" xml:space="preserve">
>     <value><![CDATA[[<b>Koning<b>]]></value>
>   </data>
>   <data name="Queen" xml:space="preserve">
>     <value>&lt;b&gt;Koningin&lt;/b&gt;</value>
>   </data>
> </root>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Proj2005: Escape XML nodes of resource values
In some scenarios it can be useful to have some XML (HTML) based markup in
resources files. It is strongly recommended to escape that XML using either
`<![CDATA[`/`]]>` or `&lt;`/`@gt;` escaping sequences.

## Non-compliant
``` XML
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<root>
 <data name="King" xml:space="preserve">
    <value><b>Koning</b></value>
  </data>
  <data name="Queen" xml:space="preserve">
    <value><b>Koningin</b></value>
  </data>
</root>
```

## Compliant
``` XML
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<root>
 <data name="King" xml:space="preserve">
    <value><![CDATA[[<b>Koning</b>]]></value>
  </data>
  <data name="Queen" xml:space="preserve">
    <value>&lt;b&gt;Koningin&lt;/b&gt;</value>
  </data>
</root>
```
```
